Responsive Web Developer/recipe-page-master/README.md, before:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Recipe Page</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://matiasfigueroacontreras.github.io/devChallenges/Responsive%20Web%20Developer/recipe-page-master/index.html">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/MatiasFigueroaContreras/devChallenges/tree/master/Responsive%20Web%20Developer/recipe-page-master">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/OEKdUZ6xs0h99C38XVht">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [CSS]
- [HTML]

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/TtUjDt19eIHxNQ4n5jps) was to build an application to complete the following user stories:

- [x] User story: This is a completed user stories
- [ ] User story: This is a incompleted user stories
- [ ] User story: This is a incompleted 2nd user stories

## Contact

- GitHub [@MatiasFigueroaContreras](https://github.com/MatiasFigueroaContreras)

Commit message:

Recipe page | Readme (user story) modification

Responsive Web Developer/recipe-page-master/README.md, after:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Recipe Page</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://matiasfigueroacontreras.github.io/devChallenges/Responsive%20Web%20Developer/recipe-page-master/index.html">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/MatiasFigueroaContreras/devChallenges/tree/master/Responsive%20Web%20Developer/recipe-page-master">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/OEKdUZ6xs0h99C38XVht">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [CSS]
- [HTML]

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/TtUjDt19eIHxNQ4n5jps) was to build an application to complete the following user stories:

- [x] User story: I can see a recipe with ingredients and instructions
- [x] User story: I can select a checkbox if I have the ingredients
- [x] User story: I can see the number of servings, baking times

## Contact

- GitHub [@MatiasFigueroaContreras](https://github.com/MatiasFigueroaContreras)
